>> Steve Kinney: We have getState,
we saw dispatch, right?
Let's put a console log
inside our reducer,
>> Steve Kinney: That will just console
log our action, we'll say,
something happened.
>> Steve Kinney: And
then we'll take our store,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll dispatch,
>> Steve Kinney: Hi.
>> Steve Kinney: It needs
to be a plain object, so,
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
Redux has some rules to it,
right, so let's read this one.
All right, needs to have a type property,
why would it need to have a type property?
>> Speaker 2: So
that it knows which reducer to use.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah,
all right, what happened, right,
you're saying something happened, right?
One of the things that
Redux does really well is,
it adds some amount of structure and
rules, right?
And structure and rules is good,
[LAUGH] right, for
the maintained ability of your code base,
right?
And luckily, as we can see, this is
helpful, did you misspell a constant, so
on and so forth.
All right, so
we know that strings don't work,
we found that out with a pretty
helpful error message that I cleared.
It was like, hey, it needs to be
an object, cool, so we given an object.
Next helpful error message, yeah,
I need to have a type, okay.
>> Steve Kinney: A type is
effectively just a string,
it's just saying what happened
in our application, right?
The user requested data, they logged out,
something along those lines,
that's the type of action that happened.
So we'll say type is,
>> Steve Kinney: Cool,
and we'll fire that around, and
you see now everything works.
Let's do that one more time so
we can actually see it.
There was this action that fired
when the store was created,
which is kind of an internal one,
which is just initializing everything.
That prefix would not smash into
any of yours unless you have
an action called @@redux/INIT,
don't do that.
And then you can see that we hit
the console log where something happened,
the first time with that
Redux init action, and
the second time with our ADD object,
right?
Now it seemed like Redux
had a lot of rules.
Really, beyond it being an object and
having a type, that's really about it.
Everything else is kind of up to you and
up to your team, right?
However, if I may make some
recommendations on how you should
structure your actions that we're gonna
just do for the remainder of the day.
There's this pattern called
the Redux standard actions,
right, which is type, we know we have
to have, right, we got yelled at, fine.
Then the other one is, just to make
sure that things are consistent,
you'll see sometimes a payload.
Which will be effectively all the data
that comes along with that action.
So all right,
we heard back from the API, cool,
the payload is obviously the API results.
Or the user changed an input field
that we need to store in Redux, cool,
we might put that in the payload.
The other one's optional,
and at my company,
we tend to try to avoid it, which is meta.
Which is just other data that isn't
important for doing the action.
We will use this occasionally for
analytics and
stuff along those lines,
other things that we need to know.
But you get some side eye because we're
trying to like stay relatively consistent.
And at the end of the day, one of the
things that I liked is, we got errors when
we just started throwing strings, we got
errors when we didn't have a type, right?
Consistency is really important, and
one of the nice things that Redux brings
to the table, cuz with the context
API in React, you do whatever.
Right, there's no rules,
which is kind of great,
but having some amount of
rules is super helpful.
Cool, so we have the ability
to send an action through.
>> Steve Kinney: So what would this look
like, let's actually give it a payload.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll give it,
sorry, payload, and
we'll give that,
that doesn't have to be an object.
But trust me,
the consistency is nice, basically,
my rule is that it should be an object.
All right, we'll say that the amount,
just to give it a separate name, is 2.
[LAUGH] It was gonna be 3,
but I missed the 3 button.
Cool, so now you can see that we've
got this type of ADD and amount of 2,
great, killing it.
We're most of the way
through understanding Redux,
even if it doesn't feel like that.
In here, we can then say,
all right, we've got the state of
the world, we've got the action.
How do we figure out what happened here?
So it's basically,
look at the action type.
If the action.type,
>> Steve Kinney: Is ADD,
>> Steve Kinney: Right, what should we do,
we should take the,
>> Steve Kinney: Value,
which is state.value.
This is a small important
part coming here.
We'll take the amount,
>> Steve Kinney: action.payload.amount,
and then we want to add them together.
Now, you might be tempted to do
something like state.value
= value + amount.
Seems reasonable, right, that will get
you the correct number, and really, here,
it'll probably work.
>> Steve Kinney: We took out the console
log there, so we'll just do a,
>> Steve Kinney: store.getState.
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
we get the 3, the problem here is,
we mutated the object, right?
We just did the thing I told us not to do,
right,
which makes it very unclear.
So if we did a,
>> Steve Kinney: store.getState,
we'll call this first, and we'll dispatch.
>> Steve Kinney: Second is store.getState.
>> Steve Kinney: Run that,
and we'll say first.
>> Steve Kinney: They're the same
object cuz we mutated it, right?
Which means React cannot tell that
we need to re-render anything.
It's like, yeah, same thing as before,
when we had a 1.
Except it's not, right, so we do need
to immutably change the objects, right?
So for instance, we could theoretically,
the easiest way to do this is
to make the object by hand.
Right, so
we say value is now a new object,
>> Steve Kinney: value + amount.
>> Steve Kinney: Right,
now they're false, right, and
that means that we will actually
re-render everything in React, right?
The reason that everything's gotta be
immutable is not a Redux rule per se.
It's a Redux best practice, obviously,
but it's not a Redux rule per se.
It is, how do any of your frameworks
know that anything changed, right?
And so if it gets a little hairy at
times when we're implementing a larger
application, it's not necessarily
Redux's fault, it's JavaScript's fault.
Sorry, that's where we are on the web,
bummer.
All right, so at this point, we've used
createStore, we've used compose, right?
The store we saw had a bunch of methods,
real quick,
we'll just,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
get rid of these for a second here.
And we'll say store.subscribe.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and
we'll do this a few times, right?
>> Steve Kinney: Not go back and
forth in my browser.
So store.subscribe will now trigger
something every time it happens.
Right, we give it a function,
store.subscribe also returns a value,
which is much like a lot
of event emitters, right?
It gives you effectively a,
>> Steve Kinney: Whenever
you call store.subscribe, it will give
you a function that will go ahead and
give you the ability to unsubscribe,
right?
Otherwise you have a giant memory
leak when that component unmounts or
something along those lines.
Right, so we could, for instance,
let's actually change this,
>> Steve Kinney: To console.log,
>> Steve Kinney: store.getState,
>> Steve Kinney: value, right?
>> Steve Kinney: Be cool if we
ran the most recent code, right,
we're adding 3, 5, and 7.
Here we'll just call,
>> Steve Kinney: Unsubscribe.
>> Steve Kinney: 3 and 5,
right, so we stopped listening.
So this gives us the ability,
if this component unmounts,
that we're not still listening
to changes to the store.